so I just got this piston mod actually
created a world just to test it out
there's so many things you can do with
it I've just been spending the past
couple days trying to figure out uses
and actually making them um apparently
Jeb is hopefully going to be adding them
into the game not sure about that though
hopefully does because this is a really
great mod it'd be really fun and
multiplayer but uh basically i'm going
to be showing some of the things i've
been building there's so many more uses
than what i've been doing but i'm just
going to show some of the few that i've
come up with i actually saw this in one
of the videos showing off this mod and
my actual next one too um a lava bridge
and anything that uses switches in this
video also uses XOR gates which means
that no matter which one you flip it'll
toggle it also show the redstone what I
did with the red stone were possible
some of its buried underground stuff
where I can't reach so it'd be kind of
difficult to show next over here we got
this large sand snake thing I guess
you'd call it um what I do this this
actually took me a while to figure out
the design for cuz uh issues with
redstone getting attached to other
redstone every time a sends a signal
through it actually comes back loops
back and sends it on to the next one
meaning that this can basically be
infinitely long while still retaining
the same size / piston
over here I made a tnt cannon ah you
press the button it ignites the TNT it
drops down piston fires it up that
piston fires it out and see that being
very useful in a multiplayer in wars and
other situations but uh it kind of take
a little while to build this from
scratch so I decided to make a more
compact version which is very small and
easy to bank you just have to ignite the
TMT by yourself
over here I built a kind of like a
fortress with a piston doors which are
also toggle and a book bookcase with a
hidden passage
and my last thing I built a some sort of
piston elevator I don't know what you'd
call it let you see gets up the sky base
but yeah that's about it for what I've
built there's so many things you do this
I really hope it gets added into the
game it's a really great mod but uh
thanks for watching